Yes
It is insurance of April city
Today I had a little happy thing so I would like to report
It is up to now my video is me taking always ne
Yohei
I want a sunny book and off of your wish pin microphone
Because in live candidate pin Mike says you want wireless gold pin microphone
Oh, there was a wish and there was one more Oh, yes Sony's atx b 2
Oh this is the name of hoburn to stroke myocardium or Ati ak camera has a new instructor in the direction of the camera
You
me
This is how this will be in the hotel
Nomi distance education
A little while ago Rea's untested Grammy's teacher can't read the ice, but it's still there
I do not go to
Properly sleeping child in the state Yes and saw this is a'd say You know that we were away and now camera
I towards the there from far away and this day 6 picked up that
You say that you are flying to the camera
War's the way the line was limited It is a wired until it is thanks to this now
More properly, even from a remote location was doing voice is that go Hiro Nechotto is
let's do it
Yes
Closure as I do you hear it or is Eitoku
It's me and you or unwillingly Iyai
I can hear you
Just say I want to go to the toilet from now
It is Well we have now entered the toilet
Kedomo Well I do does not mean you also want to have a large separately I show
I wonder how much a the sound has reached you
Well that's right I think I want to go back to the mode
It will drink even while the needle was flowing
It's Yuki-Chan that I 'm bubbling now but it's Ada Patinho, which is the Foreign Minister
Well, it's like this and it's easier to see again
Than I think the kana fun videos can deliver
In addition, please expect
Examination in the car
It was a mercenary
Yeah yeah yeah
Yes there very much
me
It's not interesting but it's also interesting